As you can see here the net entries coming out so show I.P net translations shows me that that net entry
has been removed from the table.
Now one of the problems with this way of doing network address translation is there is a one to one
mapping between the inside and outside IP addresses in our pool.
We only it a few addresses.
So show run piping clued in that we can see that we've got addresses eight dot wandered 1.5 up to 10.
So they are only six addresses in the pool.
What happens if we have 100 hosts that need to be netted onto the Internet.
That's not going to work well with dynamic net or static net.
And that's where overloading comes in in the next demonstration I'll show you how to set up not overloading.